I. Introduction
A. Overview of the Obama Administration
i. Description of the Obama administration's goals and policies
ii. Timeline of the Obama administration's accomplishments
iii. Description of the Obama administration's domestic and foreign policies
iv. Description of the Obama administration's economic policies

B. Overview of the Obama Presidency
i. Description of the Obama presidency's goals and policies
ii. Timeline of the Obama presidency's accomplishments
iii. Description of the Obama presidency's domestic and foreign policies
iv. Description of the Obama presidency's economic policies

II. The Obama Administration's Foreign Policy
A. Obama's Foreign Policy Goals
i. Description of Obama's foreign policy goals
ii. Timeline of Obama's foreign policy accomplishments

B. Obama's Foreign Policy Achievements
i. Description of Obama's foreign policy achievements
ii. Timeline of Obama's foreign policy accomplishments

III. The Obama Administration's Economic Policy
A. Obama's Economic Policy Goals
i. Description of Obama's economic policy goals
ii. Timeline of Obama's economic policy accomplishments
iii. Description of Obama's economic policy priorities
iv. Description of Obama's economic policy challenges and obstacles

B. Obama's Economic Policy Achievements
i. Description of Obama's economic policy achievements

IV. Conclusion
A. Summary of the Obama Administration's Foreign Policy
i. Summary of the Obama administration's foreign policy goals and achievements
ii. Summary of Obama's foreign policy priorities and accomplishments
iii. Summary of Obama's foreign policy challenges and obstacles

B. Summary of the Obama Administration's Economic Policy
i. Summary of Obama's economic policy goals and achievements
ii. Summary of Obama's economic policy priorities and accomplishments
iii. Summary of Obama's economic policy challenges and obstacles

V. The Legacy of Barack Obama
A. Impact on American Politics and Society
i. Description of the impact of Obama's presidency on American politics and society

B. Impact on American Foreign Policy
i. Description of the impact of Obama's presidency on American foreign policy

C. Impact on American Economy
i. Description of the impact of Obama's presidency on American economy
